Fast Five (2011)
Dominic Toretto ...
You're sentenced to 25 years in prison
Without possibility of parole
FAST & FURIOUS
Translation and adaptation Zlati
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
We are on the spot
Where there was an escape
26 inmates
All detainees were found
With the exception of one Dominic Toretto
It is believed that this escape was possible
With federal agent Brian O'Conner
Police looking for runaway tonight
Several federal agents and local police
Met to find them on
Dominic Toretto. Brian O'Conner and Mia Toretto
Despite the fact that all are in their search
Nobody knows where they are.
Let's get out of here
Easy. my friends
I'm
Mia ...
Let
Dominic arrived?
No. When was the last time you heard them?
A few weeks ago. somewhere in Ecuador
How are you? What do you mean?
You know the other side of the law
Do not stay long. Yes.
What beautiful child. Can I get it?
Excuse me please
What's in Rio. Vince?
After you've ruined everything in LA?
S over to South America
Do not continue if it was not Rosa
Knows?
So here ...
There emerged something
We hope to be here already but Dominic
We need to do this without him
It's a good game
Some cars. easy targets
Gather a team to make them
I need some people
I do not know.
Here. cars can easily download and get good money
They are easy money
From what I realize
Both need money
What are you reading?
A travel guide. Yes?
What's New?
I know all these places
Yes?
All isolates
Here we go
Excuse me. Everything is ok?
Yes
Sorry buddy. Go. please.
I've found.
Yes. the second car.
What is it?
Labels police. These machines have been followed.
Look who's here.
How nice that you're okay.
I thought I told you to leave easily. I had no "fuel".
I had to make a call.
No more talk. We have to hurry.
Come on. Vince.
I take the GT40.
Ladies first.
Hey. Wait.
Hey. this is my car safe.
See you soon. baby
That's fine. we'll be fine. We deliver cars.
Be careful what you do. Wait my phone.
Go ahead.
Where to go?
We are robbed. Tell them to stop the train.
Go after the girl.
Hurry.
Take the other car.
Dominic is a bridge.
The first car is okay.
View in another.
Wait!
I had to make a call?
Phone sucks. O'Conner.
Phone sucks.
I have created some problems today.
Three people have died.
And three DEA agents.
Of course. so are businesses.
Sometimes things go wrong you have proposed.
Everything interests me is the car.
And tell me where he will let go.
You talk nonsense.
I do not know how you do business
But here in Rio ... We do otherwise.
Strangely. just the same.
You know ...
I regret that your sister is so beautiful
Wherever they are. one will find
American escapees killed three DEA agents in a robbery
Police say they are extremely dangerous
If anyone sees immediately notify authorities
Mia?
Hey ..
Are you okay? Yes. you?
A gun? Just like Toretto
Where's Vince?
He'll be here.
You are everywhere stiri.V agents were blamed for killing the train.
Why are we looking for those?
Feds will try to catch us.
They send the best. We gotta get out of here.
We know one thing ...
As will this car.
There's something in it. We know what it is. and what are plotting.
Listen. They are professionals. like speed and will do anything to escape.
So be careful. I find. arrest and bring them back.
And another thing. Do not let it get in the car.
We will not catch them. Let's go hunting.
Agent Hobbs? Are the local police chief.
Sorry about your people.
Let me tell you something about these people.
One worked undercover police and was 5 years
The other is a professional. was jailed twice. and spent half a lifetime after the border.
If I can help you.
Two things.
1. I need an interpreter.
Of course.
I want it.
You heard me.
But why? We have more experienced people.
I like his smile.
What is the second requirement?
I do not stand in its way.
Brian.
I have something to tell you.
Brian. Dom ...
What folly.
Where you been man?
See how you talk.
We need better answers. Done. both.
Where were you. Vince?
All I ask area.
If you go there. I drove directly to you.
I had to wait.
Nonsense! It was your job!
Reach O'Connor! If you say that's not to blame. so e.
Go and ride.
Look. I want to extend my business in your country
But to be honest ...
Your business is too violent.
Let me tell you two stories
Now 500 years
Portuguese and Spaniards came here
Each country wanted to take for them
Spaniards came to show us who's boss
They killed everyone.
I prefer Portuguese
They came bearing gifts.
Mirrors. scissors things that people did not
And they continued to take the Portuguese
And that is why Brazilians speak Portuguese
If you dominate a people with purple. eventually will retaliate
Because they have nothing to lose.
And that's the key
I give them something to lose
Electricity. water. school children
To lead a better life
Mine.
Gentlemen
I apologize for the inconvenience
Reyez Sir. may I speak with you?
I've found.
Excuse me gentlemen.
Almost not see you.
Almost.
Wait Dom.
Mia was in that train.
I knew. I would not do any harm.
You ruined the job!
I thought they would cars.
I did not know. They wanted the chip.
Damn.
Need to know.
What happens here?
Nothing. Please. Dom.
Let me go to the chip. I make things.
Get out.
What?
I have not listened to her again.
Neither when I said it's a cop. Not now.
You never trusted me. And look where we are.
Watch our family! I can go home.
Your sister has no life. Lety was bad?
Where's Lety?
I want to search within a radius of 50 km. which distributes all tanks.
Give me a plastic bag.
Rivez Officer. waiting.
Who asked me? I.
Can I ask why?
I'm not so good.
Your husband worked in the police.
Six months later you get in too. Are you motivated.
And plus. you're the only one that can not be cumparata.Am right?
Yes. Of course.
We have bad news. You know you want the good ones first.
In lagatura what you asked. I found something where they unload the machine.
A lead from the highway and disappears.
The other result was this.
It's from a GT40?
Give me the news.
I lost the other after.
Not necessarily.
That road leads to town.
A few years ago was erased by water. it's just mud.
If you move you find footprints.
You came prepared.
I'm motivated.
Okay then. look for a car.
What do you think? They are made to order.
Look here. In this example.
Watch this. Same building. same order every week.
It is a sales program.
Books?
They are distributors.
The biggest buyers await. not to be forced to call them.
Here are 49 kg. That means 1 million.
It means that each vendor has 10 million dollars?
Yes.
I thought.
What's this? 100 million in cash?
That will remove it from the grid.
I think I can say that's pretty clever. It's a whole network here.
Police!
One way to go in the other corner.
But I?
Stay here.
Go there.
Police! Down!
I caught Toretto.
Hey! Police!
Already know who you are.
Let's go.
Are you okay? Yes.
I'm fine. thanks.
It now seeks three fugitives. We have to separate.
November 2nd. we go south. I will attract. No.
Dom is right
I was lucky that I escaped. not knowing what will happen
We have to separate. I am pregnant.
And I already lost family time.
I do not want her anymore once
Are you kidding? No.
I'm not going anywhere. Okay?
Dom. promise me you'll stay together.
I promise.
It was crazy. huh?
Something is not connecting.
Toretto and O'Conner ...
It said fuel and then stole him off?
And now they say they have killed three officers?
It makes no sense. Here's what makes sense.
We have their names as they appear to arrest
No extra phone. no less bullet.
We have something?
We have every evidence. fingerprints are all over the car
Anything else?
I watched the car owner
We found that the car is registered to a company by an investor named Hernan Reyez here
Investor?
If something is illegal in Rio. when Reyez is involved.
Well. then are we.
If you find something let me know our fugitives
You sit up in case someone comes back here
I'll watch it on Reyez. I want to know when moving
Roger. boss. Let's go.
To rebuild this car.
It will take something. Well you should start.
They dismantled the car for something.
Do it again and see what is missing
Dom. what you remember about your father?
My father.
It made many a barbecue every Sunday
And invite all the neighborhood
If not go to church. not going anywhere
Every day was in the shop. and every night
It was at the kitchen table with Mia. and helps with homework
And when he went to sleep a few hours in May stood to make plans for the day
I remember everything about my father
All
That's right
I know nothing about my father
I do not remember seeing him laughing. smiling.
Honestly. I do not remember what it looks like
I have no memory at all
Thou shalt not so. Brian
We have no time. Dom
We gotta do something
We must do something now
You're right
Look what we do
We use this
We will do one last job
And we take all the money in this
And we'll disappear forever
New passports. new life. and we do not look back
We will buy his freedom. Exactly.
You realize that we will fight with the most powerful people in Rio?
Yes.
Then we need a team.
Let's do a quick summary.
What do we have?
We will need a chameleon. Someone who can enter.
Anywhere.
Anything else?
Someone who knows how to talk. It could fool anyone.
I know someone
This man uses many circuits. we need someone who knows the circuit
And through these circuits Reyez will have "walls"
we need someone to go through these "walls"
Anything else? We will need weapons.
someone who is not afraid.
What do we need? The most important.
We need two good drivers.
That would not break under pressure.
What you never lose.
You know it.
Damn.
It seems that they have searched hard.
Just think. if you're here.
When will you return the car back by Tuesday Luther King?
When you return and you back jacket.
What are you sexy girl.
What time is open?
It opens when I press the trigger.
You want to open?
I told that girl has guts.
Anyone can talk crap in Spanish
What's his problem?
Ugly is ugly and Spanish.
Too bad.
Who are these guys clowns?
There are guys with circuits.
Welcome to Rio. Brazil.
I see you already met.
Here it is.
When you called me in Rio. I thought it was something more exciting.
I miss you.
Terza He is the best man on the east coast circuit.
He is Roman Pierce. we know for a long time.
I did that thing with him in Miami.
I hear you.
What is it?
Yes. we've called you here?
Because we have a job.
Our goal is Hernan Reyez.
He runs around drug dealing.
It has not been caught because no documents
It means that no bank accounts. so it has cash.
Exactly.
It's all over the city.
And we will take it all. All?
All.
It's crazy. We've brought in from another country to rob him?
I thought is business
It appears that you have something personal
That's what it is?
Nothing personal. it's a good deal.
I can not do that.
It's about $ 100 million.
What did you say?
You know .. I changed my mind. until we met
but I thought it was you said ..
Milioade ... 100 dollars.
And we all. we share equally.
And 100 million each. my bag.
My bag.
100 million. Sounds pretty good to me.
You can not take all the points.
Since the attack. will do everything possible to protect others.
Exactly.
Are all.
You are dead men. You're all dead.
You can not hide.
Who is hiding?
Are you crazy? Do you know who owns this house?
Who will steal money?
Do not steal.
Tell your boss who did this
And tell him he will be and more.
Ready.
Start it.
It works very well.
Looking.
Chief. if something was missing. I knew.
It's very well proportioned for a classic car.
Must have something.
They took the chip.
We have something on the scanner.
If you are of our. what was the chip has led to the house.
Are they safe.
How do you know? One is not so bad in the Rio Reyez rob him.
Explain.
They invaded the house.
Who?
The guy in the train.
How did they take?
Have not taken anything. They burned everything.
They set fire to my money?
Yes. and said they will come.
Yes?
Clear all homes.
I want all the money in one place.
In an hour. Got it?
Number 1 is in motion.
Number 2 is in motion.
And me.
I see the number 5.
I know you said money will go somewhere but ...
You will not believe it ...
This thing has become more difficult
If I brought in a police
He has all the "pocket"
It seems that this will be a short trip.
We can do this
We can not. They should not.
This changes nothing.
We follow the plan.
What did you say? From Mission Impossible I got a crazy mission.
Finally man.
You say it's foolish to come in that building.
I can handle it.
What time was robbery?
At 11.
There they are.
Larger.
They face covered.
Hey asshole.
Give me your photos with Toretto and O'Conner in Brazil in the last two weeks.
Check out all the planes and everything flying.
Can I change the name but can not change the girls.
Something important.
It's a car in '70
Let's go.
Climb these faxes in the database
and put satellites to check them every 15 minutes.
If these cars are moving through the Rio wants to know.
All right?
All's Well
The beauty of police offices
Forget them
Here is your money. In camera evidence.
You can be a little careful? You must enter a police station.
Listen to these words anyone?
Some people do not like.
Police stations are not made to keep you inside out
That's the goal. Enter and get out without knowing that I was there.
You need to have someone there.
Even safe to look at that.
Who should do all this?
What do you mean?
Why me?
For most of the mouth
Hello gorgeous.
Dracusorii Look at that sexy
I like your glasses. where you got it?
They frame Guci?
No no ...
Who are you sir?
FBI Agent O'Connor.
Says caucazian.Ce?
Skin.
I'm working on this case and I need to store some evidence
But I have to check the room first.
No. I know you are professional and respect you. I promise
It seems that drag and beasts
I just do my job
My boss sent me here to check if everything is okay.
It will be okay. Just let me go to draw an eye.
No. Come on man.
Help a brother.
No. And I'm not your brother.
Brother from another mother?
This feature is only for those authorized.
I do not waste time.
I call the embassy. No no.
We are okay. No need to call them. Why?
We are okay.
I took the box. We are okay.
Thanks for your time.
If I was on the other side of glass breaks into your face and your translation.
I think I did better than you as an agent.
Depends what you mean.
Let's see what we have. Enjoy.
I still do not know how to drive. That's why you always accidents.
Do not know how to drive a car remote.
Hush now. Not quiet.
Give me the remote. I think it's left.
Bingo.
What is it? 6 on 6?
8 to 12. July 12
18-inch thick steel
The best security.
How do you know that? Before I know I'm passionate.
To leave it.
But it's a beauty
Beauty in the good way?
It will be very hard to get it.
And as I would like eventually will fail.
Hurry. we have one minute
You know where you're going?
Calm down man.
Police Bureau.
Too much explosive. Again.
Too little.
We signal.
We see four rooms.
We have clarity. Rotate 100 degrees.
Isolation of 10 seconds.
We can not get to change rooms?
No. we synchronized with them.
I do not know that we are connected.
We can only watch.
We need this car quick.
Not just fast.
We need something better.
Establish path
O'Connor. we get our cars.
Home. sweet home.
How about that?
I always wanted one.
He holds the record for three years in a row.
You have more guts to bring your partner here Toretto.
Not to mention. it's a cop.
We forget that.
We look for many people.
Thought that will not recognize?
We count on that.
Maybe it holds the record but that monster was not competed before.
It's about to be.
Go Toretto's car in the garage.
Just give the trophy.
Let's go.
Machine to machine.
Car for car?
If you want. come and take it.
Really?
Where did you get?
Let's show what can O'Conner.
How was it? Camera caught you.
What? You caught.
We need a faster car.
Come
Just drive. Terrible.
I think I fell in love.
It was good but the room he got three.
Let 's do it again.
That's what you ordered? Yes
Where did you get that?
I had another life before we know.
Okay. but I can do the electrical
we have a problem.
Fingerprint Scanner
If we do not mark any Houdini's Reyez he can not open
How do you know that is footprint?
If you have 100 million in a safe
you grab someone else?
How do we get the impression it?
Han. it's your turn.
Sure. I dropped the easy part.
Let's go. I lead.
It has six bodyguards.
Seven. do you think is just that?
For how long have you been in the army?
I left the army. probably when you quit smoking you.
Eat more chips
And always keep your mouth and hands busy.
Smoking at least two packs a day.
No filter.
You got me.
We can not take fingerprints here.
We have to go elsewhere.
Or ...
Do not send a man to do the job of a woman.
We will succeed. I promise
What is that?
EDRC you're the type who wears thong
We fingerprints.
Where?
It's crazy.
Did he slap my ass?
Or you raised loud.
We go.
I'm impressed. Can you take it?
A iua. But I still have not answered my question
We have a problem.
I was discovered. Now we're all looking for.
Wait a minute.
Americans have issued mandates.
Agent Al Hobbs
Wait
Hey Dom.
He's the guy you saw?
Yes.
Hobbs is the leader DSS
So good?
When the FBI wants to find someone. she calls him.
It never misses
Type. is the best.
Blood. bullets. that's his style.
And now we're chasing us.
Dom. you need to move forward.
Yes. but how?
It was hard to watch without us.
We need more space.
He's right.
We need some fresh air.
It has been a hit.
Let's go.
Lock forward.
Stop. A take away.
Toretto.
You're arrested.
Arrested?
I feel they are arrested.
But you. Brian?
... Not at all.
Not at all. Wait a minute.
You will feel.
I am not killed those agents.
It was Reyez. I do not care.
I was sent to bring the two cattle.
Yes. seems to be you
Strange
Tell someone who has betrayed service
You're tough.
Go back and put his hands behind his back.
I think not. Boy you have no choice.
Wrong. thinking you're in America.
You're away from home.
Here you are in Brazil.
Come boss. another day.
Come on. it's too hot.
See you soon. Toretto.
Can not wait.
Yes.
I asked.
I've seen.
I do not understand. Why are you here?
Why would you risk for a $ 20 silver?
Worth.
It must run
Hobbs will find
If you have reasons to live. why wait?
Why do you sit?
My husband was a good cop. and honest
Three years ago. was killed in the street
Our next door
Reyez is misleading
Give people things
But everything has a price
People need a new beginning
must be free
Not you and you killed those people on the train
Why do you believe what I tell you?
Hey
Why is it so precious to you?
I did not think anyone can understand
But you can
Almost. but not enough
Dom. it's impossible
We can only deceive rooms invisible cars
And I know where to take them
Let's go
Take care not to hurt yourself.
It's been a while since I've never driven anything like
The first time you sit in front
What took so long?
I thought living with thorns or something
Funny.
The 100.000 that you are the next quarter mile
Yes. but you have 100 000
After this I will do the job
The next two lines
100 000
If we fail the job. we're dead anyway.
Be the one million
I like
$ 1 million. the next quarter mile
Okay then
I have only one life. they do
What about Dom?
Talk? Or do we beat?
Do not cheat this time.
I quit that.
YES
Good race. O'Conner. Thanks. Dom
Did I mention that I'll never see
That man. was put in front
Did nothing
You left to win
Nonsense
What are you doing?
Shut up. get in the car
It's here.
Find it.
Hai! Hai! Hai!
Wait.
I waited at the market
Vince. saved my life
Are you hungry?
Yeah sure
Well
You say the prayer.
Thanks Vince.
A burn.
You're the worst cook in the world
Cheers.
We are in Brazil. lead a good life
Yes
You have a little more than 10 million
What do you do with them?
Me?
Yes.
I was thinking about opening a garage
A place where people bring their cars without being skinned
Really?
Yes.
Your dream is to have a job?
It's stupid. Why did you do that?
It's not stupid.
I love what I do.
I know what I do with my money
Cooking lessons for my boyfriend
See. see? How do you take me?
You need something more than money to learn to cook
I heard that the search for a chef
the animal shelter
Hey Dom.
I know I have this job tomorrow but ...
you need an extra man
And you Intrii
Will always be family
Thanks
Eat something
Yes
I think you're right
I like to do that?
Ema is a life line that you do not get involved
Fair enough
We are 24 hours of the biggest party
You need to drink
It seriously
I'm fine
It can not.
What do you mean?
What do you mean can not?
Are you serious?
That's why you let him win?
That's baby gift
No. that helped
Do not take back
Wait. wait
You snapped funrul?
Or it caught ...
Thanks
Did you know?
I have no idea what I'm talking
Toast!
Money comes and goes. everybody knows that
But the most important in life
are people whom I have almost
Here. now
My Family Health
I'm ready
Everything is ok?
All time
Hobbs is the other side of town
We have a window
Folks. it's time
The first team position
Let's go.
S do
Dom. I'll take care of Mia
Police
You just made a big mistake
I took some tracking to find chip
But a little to find the receiver.
You fell. Toretto.
I'm here
Dom!
Stay there
I can handle
Dom. please
Stop
DOM
Yes.
Now we bring
Call the police at the airport
Trap
Warning. Pull
Cover me
Take care of them
Release us! Hai!
You okay? Let's go!
Dom. you need to know my son
Nico
I will
It's a good kid
I named her after you
Dominic
You have my word Vince
You will always be my brother
Guard me bro
We need to move. do not have much time
I know someone who can lead us in 5:00
Not to run
Finish the job
We can not
It's a suicide mission
It's your friend on the table
The plan is ruined
Reyez knows we're coming
He's right
They tripled the police guard
Reyez will not escape
It's a trap. you know
Dom. I listen
Run before it's too late
Get out of Rio. being free
This is not freedom
You should know that
We can make your own choices
I shit myself
I'm coming with you Toretto
Listen to one who will kill the bastard
Dom What's the plan?
We can not sneak
We sneak
Cares only about money
If I take it. we got him
See?
I called on all
We cover
We have people at each entrance
Not even God could not take your money
God is not interested
Are you ready?
I'm ready
I'm here
Come quickly!
Let me go.
Do not move.
Sit down.
What's up. Mia?
Go two streets before
Turn right
I understand
The plan goes.
You have all the police after you.
Where to go?
Go ahead for 1 km.
Then turn left.
It will not work.
Stakes in front of the Duomo.
We are right.
It's too tight. We will not fit.
We have no choice. Now.
Damn!
You went through a bank?
Where are we going?
Do you have a heavy left.
I saw
Good job
Do you have a large group of people
You need to do something now.
Go right
YES
I can not escape!
No escape
We will not succeed.
You're right. we will not succeed.
But you did.
What are you talking about?
Let safe. Get out of there.
You are now my father. Brian
Dom. do not! Keep up the plan
That was the plan
Take care of Mia. Dom!
Listen to me. Leave now safe!
I got it
Do something. bitch!
Kill him. damn!
I thought I told you to leave.
I had to make a call.
Help me.
This is for my team. you bastard.
You made a mess.
Yes.
As I see it.
You must surrender within 24 hours
Money remains
If I were you. take advantage of time
Tomorrow. I will find
Toretto
See you soon
There ...
Thanks guys.
See you on the other side.
We have a window of 10 seconds.
You can get out.
Come on. do not be evil
For Rosa and Nico
See you soon. Uncle Dom
Monaco
Over here baby
I'll be right
That's your dream?
I get
What are you doing?
Are you okay?
Yes. yes
You know what's crazy?
There are only four copies worldwide car
And I'm only in the Western Hemisphere
We made an offer he could not refuse
You have a beautiful lady. Absolutely
We must go. S do.
Well I drive
In this? I do not think
Not this. In that.
Really?
It's crazy
Yes
So are second in the Western Hemisphere
You know what?
We shine together
Dress up. We have something to do
Where are we going? Do not know
I've never been in Madrid.
I thought you wanted to go in Tokyo
We arrive and there ....
eventually
Gosh
I have not seen my sister so happy
It's good to be free
I want a chance
Yes?
Yes.
Only two of us. once and for all.
You can bear your disappointment?
What about you?
O'Conner
Let's see what you can.
Please rate this subtitle at www.osdb.link/4hua
Help other users to choose the best subtitles
ome more recon.
call in a couple of extra guys.
Or
you don't send a man
to do a woman's job.
We're going to figure
this out. I promise you.
What's up?
I thought you were more of a thong man.
We got the print.
Where?
Okay. that's crazy.
So. did he just slap that ass
or did he grab and hold on to it?
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Hey. this will work.
TEJ: I'm impressed.
Got it? TEJ: Got it.
But you still didn't
answer the question.
Oh. no. Guys. guys!
Guys. we have a problem.
The whole team just got burnt.
Now we're all wanted.
GISELE: How did this happen?
US Diplomatic Security
Service issued the warrants.
Agent L. Hobbs.
Hold on one second.
Hey. Dom.
Is that the guy you saw in the favela?
Yeah.
Hobbs is the leader of the
elite task force for the DSS.
So he's good.
When the FBI wants to find
somebody. that's who they call.
Because he never misses his mark.
This guy is Old Testament.
Blood. bullets. wrath
of God. That's his style.
And right now he's hunting us?
Dom. we got to move up our timeline.
ROME: Yeah. but how?
This thing's already been difficult
without Wyatt Earp on our asses.
If anything. we need
more room to breathe.
Roman's right.
Think we need to get some fresh air.
We've got a hit. '70s Charger.
Let's get a move on!
Eastbound on Avenida Atlantica.
Move. move. move. move!
It stopped about a block ahead.
Park it. We're going on foot.
Hey. Toretto.
You're under arrest.
Arrest?
I don't feel like I'm under arrest.
How about you. Brian?
No. not a bit.
Not even a little bit.
Just give it a minute. It'll sink in.
BRIAN: We didn't kill
those feds. That was Reyes.
HOBBS: I don't give a shit.
I'm just here to bring in two
assholes whose names hit my desk.
Yeah. that sounds like a real hero.
That's funny.
From a guy who took the oath of a cop.
then went against everything it stood for.
Or some wannabe tough guy prick
who beat a man half to
death with a socket wrench.
Yeah. real tough.
You turn around and put
your hands behind your back.
I don't think so.
Your mistake is thinking you
got a goddamn choice. boy.
And your mistake?
Thinking you're in America.
You're a long way from home.
This is Brazil.
Come on. boss. Another day.
Come on. H. it's a lot of heat.
I'll see you soon. Toretto.
I look forward to it. cop.
Yep.
Tracker's on.
Got them.
I don't understand. Why come here?
Why risk it all for $20 worth of silver?
Because it's worth it.
You should run. you know.
Hobbs will find you.
You have every reason
to leave. Why stay?
Why do you?
My husband was a good police officer.
An honest man.
We both grew up here.
Two years ago he was
murdered in the street
right outside our door.
Reyes owns this favela now.
He gives things to people.
But everything has a price.
The people here need a new start.
They need to be free.
(SIGHS)
You didn't kill those men in the train.
did you?
Now. why would you believe
anything I would tell you?
Hey!
Was she so special to you?
I never thought anyone
could understand how much.
But you do.
Yeah!
Close. but not enough.
Dom. the window is too small. man.
Only way we're going to beat the
cameras is with invisible cars.
And I know just where to get them.
Let's take a ride. boys.
Don't hurt yourself.
It's been a while since I've been
behind the wheel of one of these.
First time I've ever
been in the front seat.
(CHUCKLES)
Rome. what took you so long?
I thought for sure you'd be showing up
with some chrome spinners or something.
Real funny.
I got $100.000 that says I can take
you all in the next quarter-mile.
Yeah. your broke ass
has got a hundred grand.
If we pull off this job. I will.
The next two lights.
Hundred thousand.
We don't pull this job off.
we're probably dead anyway.
Let's make it a million.
I like that. All right. a
million-dollar quarter-mile.
All right. then.
You only live once. Let's do it.
What do you say. Dom?
We talking or we racing?
Just don't cheat this time.
Got to let that go.
(ENGINES REVVING)
Yeah!
Typical. Roman.
I'm going to get this money. I'm hungry.
Don't make it too easy for me. boys.
No!
Not this time. Dom.
You got to want it. Brian.
Yeah! Owned you! Owned you!
Good race. O'Conner. Thanks. Dom.
Do you know how long I've
been waiting for that shit?
I told you he didn't see it.
Your man right there?
He let off the throttle at the line.
You didn't do nothing. He let you win.
Bullshit. (SCOFFING)
Vince. what are you doing?
Quiet! They've been tracking you.
(SPEAKING PORTUGUESE)
I know she's here!
Find her!
Go! Go! Go!
It's okay. Wait!
Reyes' guys were waiting
for me at the market.
Vince saved my life.
DOM: You hungry?
Yeah. sure. Good.
Because you're saying grace.
Thanks. Vince.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Yo. you burned it!
Yo. this is how my momma does it. Relax.
Yeah. but your mom is the
worst cook in the world.
Yo. don't you be talking about my momma.
Yeah. come on. baby. Who's good living?
To you. bro. Cheers. cheers. cheers.
ROME: So. we in Brazil.
It's the good life.
Yeah.
So. you got a little more
than $10 or $11 million coming.
What you going to do with your money?
Me? Yeah.
Actually. man. I been thinking
about opening up a garage back home.
Place where people can bring their
cars and not get completely ripped off.
You know what I mean?
Really? Yeah.
So. your dream is to start a day job?
That's stupid. Like. why would...
No. it's not stupid at
all. I love what I do.
That don't make no sense to me.
I know what I'm going
to do with my money.
Buying some cooking lessons for my man.
See? See?
There you go with that negativity. man.
You know me. Money
ain't a goddamn thing.
It's going to take a little more
than money to learn how to cook.
That's horrible.
But I heard they was looking for
a chef down at this animal shelter.
You might want to...
I know the manager.
Hey. Dom.
Listen.
I know that you're all
set for this job tomorrow.
but if you need an extra man. I could...
You're in.
There's always room for family.
Thank you.
Get something to eat.
Yeah.
Can you believe Mia calls this a curse?
She might be right.
You really like doing that stuff. huh?
When your life is on the line
that's when you learn about yourself.
That's a fair deal.
We're less than 24 hours from the
biggest celebration of our life.
Y'all need a refill.
This is serious stuff.
No. I'm good. Cheers. baby.
I'm good. No. thank you.
No. she can't.
What do you mean? She can't.
What do you mean she can't? What is...
Are you serious right now? (LAUGHING)
Is that the reason you let him
beat you in the quarter-mile?
That was a baby gift.
No. that's messed up.
No. you're not taking that from me.
Wait. wait. hold on a second.
So. did he just smack the ass
or did he grab and hold on to it?
Which one was it?
Congratulations. Thank you.
ROME: How can you keep this a secret?
Crazy. huh? ROME: It's your boy.
ROME: Why would you keep
something like that away from me?
Baby gift. huh?
I have no idea what
they're talking about. Oh?
TEJ: What happened to
the pull-out method. man?
Toast. Toast.
Money will come and go. We know that.
But the most important thing in life
will always be the people in this room.
Right here.
Right now.
(SPEAKING ITALIAN)
(ALL REPLYING IN ITALIAN)
I'm all set.
HAN: Yo. Santos. Van good?
You know we're always good. bro.
Hobbs is on the other side of the city.
We're not going to get a better window.
Okay. guys. it's show time!
First team in position. let's go.
TEGO: Come on. let's do this.
Hey. Dom.
I got eyes on Mia.
Moscow. Bali. Goa. Hong Kong.
And what do they all have in common?
No extradition.
We're one hour away from
the rest of our lives.
Yeah.
Cops!
Come on. Go.
You just made a big mistake.
Took me a while to
find that tracking chip.
But not as long to flip the receiver.
You're going down. Toretto.
I'm right here.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(YELLING)
Dom! Stand back. I got this.
Pull off! Dom! Please. stop!
Dom!
Dom! (DOM SCREAMING)
(WALKIE TALKIE BEEPING)
Yeah.
We're coming in now.
Have the marshals meet us
at the airport when we land.
Ambush!
Wilkes. suppression
fire. Shut them down.
Stagger-step. Cover me.
Watch them!
Cut us loose!
Come on! Cut us loose!
We're good? Yeah. let's go. let's go!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SPITTING)
VINCE: Hey. Dom.
You've got to meet my son.
Nico.
I will.
He's a good kid.
You know. we named him after you.
"Dominic."
You've got my word. Vince.
You were always my brother.
I got eyes on Nico now.
We need to move. We
don't have that much time.
I got us a flight out.
We can leave Rio in the
rearview in the next five hours.
Not to run away.
To finish the job.
Are you crazy. Dom? We can't.
ROME: It's a suicide mission.
That's your man over there on the table.
The plan is busted!
This is bullshit. man.
Reyes knows we're coming!
TEJ: He's right.
They tripled the detail
at the police station.
TEJ: It's going to be a wall of gunfire.
Reyes doesn't get away with this.
It's a trap. man.
You know that.
Dom. listen to them.
Run. before it's too late. Leave Rio.
You can be free.
Running ain't freedom.
You should know that.
You know you're all free
to make your own choices.
HOBBS: I'm in.
I'll ride with you. Toretto.
At least until we kill
that son of a bitch.
BRIAN: So what's the plan. Dom?
We can't just go
sneaking around anymore.
We don't sneak.
The only thing he cares
about is his money.
We pull that.
we pull him.
(SECURITY DOOR BUZZING)
(SPEAKING PORTUGUESE)
See?
I called in every cop on our payroll.
We're covered.
We've got every entrance
covered with weapons teams.
God Himself couldn't get at
your money if He wanted to.
God isn't my worry.
You ready?
I'm ready.
(POLICE OFFICERS CHATTERING)
(SPEAKING PORTUGUESE)
What's happening?
They're taking the vault!
What? The vault!
Follow me! Quickly!
Let me through!
Don't move!
Stay down.
Call it out. Mia!
You've got a straight
shot for two blocks.
Go right. Got it.
(PEDESTRIANS SCREAMING)
Well. the plan is working.
You guys have every corrupt cop in Rio
on your tail. You have to move fast.
What's the best route?
Okay. keep going straight another
half-mile onto Rua Fonseca.
and then go left.
That ain't going to work.
Spikes ahead. Dom. We got spikes!
We're going right!
No. it's too tight.
we're not going to fit.
We've got no choice. Now!
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Shit!
Holy shit!
Guys. I am hearing all this chatter.
Did you just take out a bank?
Two inbound!
All right. there's an alley
coming up on your left.
Yeah. I got it.
(GUNSHOTS)
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
(GRUNTING)
You little bastard!
All right. good job. Dom.
Right-hander. right here. right-hander.
Guys. there's a big group
coming at you from the south.
You have to do something now!
Hey. go wide.
(WOMAN SCREAMING)
(CHUCKLING)
Yeah!
(POLICE CAR HONKING)
(BULLETS HITTING CAR)
(GRUNTING)
You're all clear on the left.
Good afternoon. officer!
License and registration. please!
Yes! This is big-boy stuff!
We're clear on the right.
Oh. man.
Thanks. guys.
Any time.
I'll see you on the other side.
You guys just carved
out a 1 0-second window.
Make it count!
(SPEAKING PORTUGUESE)
Zizi. stay on them.
They can't outrun us on the bridge.
Shit.
They have no way out.
No!
There's too many of them.
Hey. there's too many of them.
We're not going to make it.
You're right. we aren't.
You are.
What are you talking about?
Just let the vault go. Get out of there.
You're a father now. Brian.
No. I'm not leaving you.
Now you stick with the plan!
It was always the plan.
Take care of Mia.
Dom. you listen to me now. Okay?
You cut loose right now.
(SPEAKING PORTUGUESE)
Hey. what is he doing?
We've got him!
Close down the bridge!
Do something. asshole!
Kill him. dammit!
Kill him now!
(SCREAMING)
(PANTING)
I thought I told you to go on.
Yeah. I had to make a call.
(GROANING)
Help me.
That's for my team. you son of a bitch.
It's a hell of a mess.
Yeah. it is.
You know I can't let you two go.
I ain't made that way.
The way I see it. you've
earned yourselves 24 hours.
The money stays. though.
If I were you. I'd use the time.
Make peace with whatever
demons you got left.
Because come tomorrow.
I will find you.
Toretto!
I'll see you soon.
No. you won't.
Thanks. guys.
I'll see you on the other side.
You guys just carved
out a 10 second window.
Make it count!
(LAUGHING)
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
Come on. baby.
Don't be mean.
Come on.
(VAULT SCANNER BEEPING)
(VAULT UNLOCKING) (SIGHING)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
"For Rosa and Nico. See you soon.
- Uncle Dom"
MONACO
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
You sure about this?
You know I am.
You don't need to do this.
Just leave me alone.
Bro. I'm not trying to
be negative. but casinos
are the kinds of places designed to
take money from guys like you and me.
When I win here I'm buying you a
lifetime supply of antidepressants.
You don't put ten million on red!
Enough already.
You put it on black.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
No more bets.
Right this way. my dear.
You stay right here. I'll be right back.
So. this is your dream. huh?
It's enough for me. man.
I take it that's your dream.
Absolutely. What up.
boy? What's going on?
You good? Yes. yes.
You know what's crazy?
There's only four of those
cars in the whole world.
Yeah. I got the only one
in the Western Hemisphere.
I made a sheikh in Abu Dhabi
an offer he could not refuse.
Huh. That's a nice
lady you got there. too.
Absolutely. What's happening? (LAUGHING)
We got to go. man. Let's do this.
Okay. I'll drive.
In that? Come on. man. no way.
No. no. Not in this.
In that.
Are you serious right now?
Man. this is crazy!
Yes. I guess that means there are
two in the Western Hemisphere. huh?
What's your smart ass got to say now?
You know what? We can
always shine together. baby.
Get dressed. man. we got things to do!
So. where to now?
I don't know.
Never been to Madrid.
I thought you wanted to go to Tokyo.
We'll get there.
Eventually.
BRIAN: Nice surprise.
Crazy. right?
This is the happiest
I've ever seen my sister.
It's because we're free.
You know. I want another shot.
Yeah?
Yeah.
No wagers. nobody else.
Just you and me. once and for all.
You sure you can handle
the disappointment?
Are you?
All right. O'Conner.
Let's see what you got.
DIPLOMATIC SECURITY SERVICE HEADQUARTERS
- WASHINGTON. D.C.
(TYPING)
You need to look at that.
Berlin. 3:00 a.m. this morning.
A team of drivers
hijacked a military convoy.
Toretto? Nope.
I ain't interested.
Yes. you are. Keep looking.
Do you believe in ghosts?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today